# Daily Meeting: 12-03-2024

| Assistant            | Role             |  
|----------------------|------------------|
| Marc Ferreres        | Developer        |   
| Josep Prades         | Front-End Expert |  
| Adria Creus          | Scrum Master     |  
| Sergi Vila           | Back-End Expert  | 
| Joan Carles Turégano | VCS Master       |

## Problems/Difficulties
| Problem | Task             | Owner     | Description                                 |
|---------|------------------|-----------|---------------------------------------------|
| _P1_    | _Model Creation_ | __        | _The meeting finished without any problems_ |



## Actions
| Type  | Description  | Owner | Deadline |
|---|---|---|---|

T: Task
D: Decision
I: Information

# Daily Meeting: 14-03-2024

| Assistant            | Role             |  
|----------------------|------------------|
| Marc Ferreres        | Developer        |   
| Josep Prades         | Front-End Expert |  
| Adria Creus          | Scrum Master     |  
| Sergi Vila           | Back-End Expert  | 
| Joan Carles Turégano | VCS Master       |

## Problems/Difficulties
| Problem  | Task            | Owner       | Description                                  |
|---|-----------------|-------------|----------------------------------------------|
| _P1_ | _Login system _ | __ | _The meeting finished without any problems _ |



## Actions
| Type  | Description  | Owner | Deadline |
|---|---|---|---|

T: Task
D: Decision
I: Information

# Daily Meeting: 19-03-2024

| Assistant            | Role             |  
|----------------------|------------------|
| Marc Ferreres        | Developer        |   
| Josep Prades         | Front-End Expert |  
| Adria Creus          | Scrum Master     |  
| Sergi Vila           | Back-End Expert  | 
| Joan Carles Turégano | VCS Master       |

## Problems/Difficulties
| Problem | Task                       | Owner          | Description                                                           |
|---------|----------------------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| _P1_    | _Creating Room state list_ | _Josep Prades_ | _The automatization of the list taking in account the rooms database_ |
| _P2_    | _Creating Booking Form _   | _Adrià Creus_  | _The form is not working correctly and no saving  _                   |



## Actions
| Type | Description                      | Owner          | Deadline   |
|------|----------------------------------|----------------|------------|
| D | Learning how to pass the context | _Josep Prades_ | 24-03-2024 |
| D | Redo the form trying to save it  | _Sergi vila_   | 1-04-2024  |
T: Task
D: Decision
I: Information

# Daily Meeting: 21-03-2024

| Assistant            | Role             |  
|----------------------|------------------|
| Marc Ferreres        | Developer        |   
| Josep Prades         | Front-End Expert |  
| Adria Creus          | Scrum Master     |  
| Sergi Vila           | Back-End Expert  |
| Joan Carles Turégano | VCS Master       |

## Problems/Difficulties
| Problem  | Task                         | Owner          | Description                                                     |
|---|------------------------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| _P1_ | _Create a room state button_ | _Josep Prades_ | _The button was not working and not showing the correct pop-up_ |


## Actions
| Type  | Description                     | Owner          | Deadline   |
|---|---------------------------------|----------------|------------|
| D | Create new modal for the pop-up | _Josep Prades_ | 24-03-2024 |

T: Task
D: Decision
I: Information

# Daily Meeting: 25-03-2024

| Assistant            | Role             |  
|----------------------|------------------|
| Marc Ferreres        | Developer        |   
| Josep Prades         | Front-End Expert |  
| Adria Creus          | Scrum Master     |  
| Sergi Vila           | Back-End Expert  |  
| Joan Carles Turégano | VCS Master       |  

## Problems/Difficulties
| Problem  | Task           | Owner | Description |
|---|----------------|---|---|
| _P1_ | _Create forms_ | __ | _The meeting finished without any problems _ |


## Actions
| Type  | Description  | Owner | Deadline |
|---|---|---|---|

T: Task
D: Decision
I: Information





# Daily Meeting: 26-03-2024

| Assistant            | Role             |  
|----------------------|------------------|
| Marc Ferreres        | Developer        |   
| Josep Prades         | Front-End Expert |  
| Adria Creus          | Scrum Master     |  
| Sergi Vila           | Back-End Expert  |  
| Joan Carles Turégano | VCS Master       |  

## Problems/Difficulties
| Problem  | Task                               | Owner | Description |
|---|------------------------------------|---|---|
| _P1_ | _Create home and restaurant pages_ | __ | _The meeting finished without any problems _ |


## Actions
| Type  | Description  | Owner | Deadline |
|---|---|---|---|

T: Task
D: Decision
I: Information

# Daily Meeting: 28-03-2024

| Assistant            | Role             |  
|----------------------|------------------|
| Marc Ferreres        | Developer        |   
| Josep Prades         | Front-End Expert |  
| Adria Creus          | Scrum Master     |  
| Sergi Vila           | Back-End Expert  | 
| Joan Carles Turégano | VCS Master       |  

## Problems/Difficulties
| Problem  | Task           | Owner          | Description                    |
|---|----------------|----------------|--------------------------------|
| _P1_ | _Shift system_ | _Josep Prades_ | _The calendar was not working_ |


## Actions
| Type  | Description         | Owner          | Deadline   |
|---|---------------------|----------------|------------|
| D | A script was needed | _Josep Prades_ | 28-03-2024 |

T: Task
D: Decision
I: Information

# Daily Meeting: 29-03-2024

| Assistant            | Role             |  
|----------------------|------------------|
| Marc Ferreres        | Developer        |   
| Josep Prades         | Front-End Expert |  
| Adria Creus          | Scrum Master     |  
| Sergi Vila           | Back-End Expert  | 
| Joan Carles Turégano | VCS Master       |  

## Problems/Difficulties
| Problem  | Task           | Owner          | Description                      |
|---|----------------|----------------|----------------------------------|
| _P1_ | _Chekout Form_ | _Josep Prades_ | _The modal used was not working_ |


## Actions
| Type  | Description            | Owner          | Deadline   |
|---|------------------------|----------------|------------|
| D | Added boolean function | _Josep Prades_ | 29-03-2024 |

T: Task
D: Decision
I: Information


# Daily Meeting: 30-03-2024

| Assistant            | Role             |  
|----------------------|------------------|
| Marc Ferreres        | Developer        |   
| Josep Prades         | Front-End Expert |  
| Adria Creus          | Scrum Master     |  
| Sergi Vila           | Back-End Expert  |  
| Joan Carles Turégano | VCS Master       |  

## Problems/Difficulties
| Problem  | Task                                         | Owner | Description |
|---|----------------------------------------------|---|---|
| _P1_ | _Working on the forms and style of the page_ | __ | _The meeting finished without any problems _ |


## Actions
| Type  | Description  | Owner | Deadline |
|---|---|---|---|

T: Task
D: Decision
I: Information

# Daily Meeting: 02-04-2024

| Assistant            | Role             |  
|----------------------|------------------|
| Marc Ferreres        | Developer        |   
| Josep Prades         | Front-End Expert |  
| Adria Creus          | Scrum Master     |  
| Sergi Vila           | Back-End Expert  | 
| Joan Carles Turégano | VCS Master       |  

## Problems/Difficulties
| Problem | Task                        | Owner                       | Description                                                                                                                                  |
|---------|-----------------------------|-----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| _P1_    | _Pouring Map _              | _Adrià Creus_               | _The map was not working correctly in the page_                                                                                              |
| _P2_    | _Creating bookings filter _ | _Adrià Creus & Joan Carles_ | _The filter was not working if we clicked outside the page and was not filtering good_                                                       |
| _P3_    | _PDF Book_                  | _Marc Ferreres_             | _The pdf was not working correctly_                                                                                                          |
| _P4_    | _Room Booking _             | _Sergi Vila_                | _When we have one room booked for one day, if someone wants to book the same room the day that the other is leaving there is some conflicts_ |




## Actions
| Type | Description                                                                                           | Owner                       | Deadline   |
|------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------|------------|
| D    | Try implemnate use responsive style                                                                   | _Adrià Creus_               | 02-04-2024 |
| T    | Check the Html and search for the problem, and review all the part of the booking filter.             | _Adrià Creus & Joan Carles_ | 03-04-2024 |
| T    | Try to generate the pdf with the correct infromation                                                  | _Marc Ferreres_             | 03-04-2024 |
| D    | Trying to have all the check-out rooms the same day they are free and pour it in to the free room list | _Sergi Vila_                | 12-04-2024 |

T: Task
D: Decision
I: Informationn